c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\Directory_DirectoryInfo.exe.config
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\Directory_DirectoryInfo.exe
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\Directory_DirectoryInfo.pdb
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.Charts.Design.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Charts.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Design.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Keyboard.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Layout.Design.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Layout.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Schedule.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.SuperGrid.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar2.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.Instrumentation.Design.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.Instrumentation.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.SuperGrid.Design.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.TreeGX.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Keyboard.xml
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Layout.xml
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Schedule.xml
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.SuperGrid.xml
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar2.xml
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\bin\Debug\DevComponents.Instrumentation.xml
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\obj\Debug\Directory_DirectoryInfo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\obj\Debug\Directory_DirectoryInfo.Form1.resources
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\obj\Debug\Directory_DirectoryInfo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\obj\Debug\Directory_DirectoryInfo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\obj\Debug\Directory_DirectoryInfo.exe
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\Directory_DirectoryInfo\Directory_DirectoryInfo\obj\Debug\Directory_DirectoryInfo.pdb
