c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\GroupBox_PanelGroup.exe.config
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\GroupBox_PanelGroup.exe
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\GroupBox_PanelGroup.pdb
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.Charts.Design.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Charts.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Design.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Keyboard.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Layout.Design.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Layout.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Schedule.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.SuperGrid.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar2.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.Instrumentation.Design.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.Instrumentation.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.SuperGrid.Design.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.TreeGX.dll
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Keyboard.xml
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Layout.xml
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.Schedule.xml
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar.SuperGrid.xml
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar2.xml
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\bin\Debug\DevComponents.Instrumentation.xml
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\obj\Debug\GroupBox_PanelGroup.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\obj\Debug\GroupBox_PanelGroup.Form1.resources
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\obj\Debug\GroupBox_PanelGroup.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\obj\Debug\GroupBox_PanelGroup.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\obj\Debug\GroupBox_PanelGroup.exe
c:\users\chaouki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\totu\GroupBox_PanelGroup\GroupBox_PanelGroup\obj\Debug\GroupBox_PanelGroup.pdb
